Update ict baseline pages (#579)
GSA/Section508.gov: _pages/acquisition/2018-05-29-buy.md

  <p>
    For organizations that test for Section 508 conformance following practices other than the Trusted Tester protocol, the toolset and approaches utilized must be aligned with the <a href="https://section508coordinators.github.io/ICTTestingBaseline/" target="_blank">ICT Testing Baseline</a> to ensure consistency in testing practices across agencies.
  </p>

  <p>

>     The ICT Testing Baseline helps ensure that web content is accessible to people with disabilities and meets the legal obligations of Section 508. The ICT Testing Baseline describes how to evaluate conformance to <a href="https://www.access-board.gov/ict/">the Revised 508 Standards</a>, which reference and align with international standards such as WCAG 2.0 Level A and AA Success Criteria. It is organized by categories to help you easily identify applicable requirements. Note that the Baseline is not a test process and does not include testing tools; rather, it should be used to create an accessibility test process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ICT Testing Baseline for Web helps ensure that web content is accessible to people with disabilities and meets the technical requirements of Section 508. The ICT Testing Baseline describes how to evaluate conformance to <a href="https://www.access-board.gov/ict/">the Revised 508 Standards</a>, which incorporate by reference the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 Level A and AA Success Criteria. The Baseline for Web is organized by categories to help you easily identify applicable requirements. Note that the Baseline is not a test process and does not include testing tools; rather, it should be used to create an accessibility test process or validate an existing test process for completeness.
```
